None of us are going to be remembered in
a hundred years. [__] none of us. And
m maybe one person on this call remotely
might be, but a thousand years now, [__]
it. Like we're dust in the wind. What
makes it that you have to be so [__]
important? In this coaching session that
happened during one of our public Q&A, a
woman comes in wondering if she has
anything valuable to say and when to
know what she is saying is valuable, and
she walks out laughing at the judgment
of others.
How do I
stop questioning if I'm showing
up just to have my voice be heard or if
I truly have the thing to say?
Oh, cool. What's the problem with
showing
up just to be
heard? Maybe I feel like I don't
have valuable input. It's not valuable
if it's just me trying to get my voice
heard or to be acknowledged.
I mean, I what what how many people's
input is
valuable like what percentage what
percentage of people's input is
valuable? I don't think that question is
answerable because it's perception. If
Yeah.
Great. Even more of a reason. How do you
know? Who are you to judge if your input
is
valuable? I say [__] off the cuff and
people come to me three years later and
they're like, "Oh my god, that thing you
said to me." And I was like, "I don't
even [__] remember what the hell I
said to you." And then I there's this
other [__] that I'm like, "That was some
profound. I just laid down some profound
[__] and
like doesn't mean [__] to anybody."
Okay.
Um, I'm constantly questioning if what's
wrong with just wanting to [__] be
seen and being not
valuable? What's the problem?
I don't know why I think it's a problem.
We Yeah, right. We are all none of us
are going to be remembered in a hundred
years. [__] none of us. And m maybe
one person on this call remotely might
be, but a thousand years now [__] it.
Like we're dust in the wind. Like to do
the like old classic rock song.
Like what? Why? What? What makes it that
you have to be so [__] important?
If you think you have to be important,
that's a selfishness of itself.
Like anything you do, you can call
selfish.
Right now, you're being valuable to
somebody. Right now, somebody on this
call is having an epiphany because you
and I are having this
conversation right now. Two people are
[__] bored. What the [__] Why did
she even spend the
time? This is how life is.
It's It's that simple, isn't
it? When you said that right now, two
people are [__] bored. And it just it
made me smile because that's that felt
like that's the thing I'm afraid of,
right? That's the thing that I don't
want to happen yet. I know I don't have
any control over that control over it.
That's right. That's right.
Why am I trying to control that? Okay.
Yeah. Well, you know, it's let's answer
the question. What makes you want to
control what other people think of you?
What makes me want to control what other
people think of me? Yeah. I mean, just
see what it's like. Like, look me right
in the eye and say, "I want to control
what you think of me, Joe." And see what
it feels like.
Joe, I want to control what you think of
me.
Yeah. It feels ridiculous. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Totally
absurd. I totally get it.
What a pleasure. Thank you for coming
up. Thank you. That was incredibly
valuable. Thank you so much.